feat(Insomnia): Konnect integration (#5288)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/insomnia/set-konnect-proxies.md

> On first Sync, set the proxies for each Gateway Service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On first Sync, set the proxy URL for each Gateway Service:
```
